Bassam Ahmed 1:24 PM: Hey Juthika!
My name's Bassam and I'm a second-year CS student at UW; I saw your profile while checking out Faire's page on LinkedIn, and would love to connect with a fellow UWaterloo student! :)

Juthika Hoque (She/Her) 1:24 PM: hey! nice to connect with you :)

Bassam Ahmed 5:29 PM: Thanks for connecting!
I guess we're both looking for Summer 2024 internships lol, how are you finding the co-op market so far?

Juthika Hoque (She/Her) 10:57 AM: it’s not horrible! not as bad as the past couple terms at least

Bassam Ahmed 1:42 PM: Oh that’s good to hear!
Especially when there’s so much doom and gloom about the tech market right now
What area are you searching in, if you don’t mind sharing? (Like web dev, app dev, embedded, etc.)


Juthika Hoque (She/Her) 2:59 PM: mostly web dev! what about you?

Bassam Ahmed 9:47 PM: Same! I started in web dev and that's where I'm most proficient I think but I'm trying to explore other areas, primarily data stuff with python and some low level embedded stuff, just to get a feel for different things.

How's work at Faire, if you don't mind sharing? I would love to know what kinda stack you're using and impact that you're able to have over there :))

Juthika Hoque (She/Her) 10:53 PM: work at Faire is really good! the culture is amazing and interns get treated as full timers, so you'd get pretty good projects with a big impact on the users

for the frontend the stack is React Typescript & ProtoBuffers for api calls
for the backend the stack is Kotlin (JPA) & MySQL

Bassam Ahmed 6:14 AM: That sounds awesome!
Also another question: did you apply for Faire externally or through WaterlooWorks? Asking because there’s a Data Science internship open on LinkedIn right now but there’s *so* many applicants it’s actually kinda demotivating lol :,))

Juthika Hoque (She/Her) 3:54 PM: i applied through waterloo works! there’s a better chance to get through that way probably

Bassam Ahmed 8:25 PM: but yeah i get that external apps are always very demotivating 😅 apply anyways tho!! you never know

Juthika Hoque (She/Her) 7:23 PM: Ah I see, makes sense.
Thanks for the great advice, will definitely need it during the upcoming recruiting season! :))